Make copyImageBitmapToTexture a GPUQueue operation. (#488)
gpuweb/gpuweb: design/ImageBitmapToTexture.md

};
```

`copyImageBitmapToTexture` submits a copy from a source sub-rectangle of an `ImageBitmap` into a destination sub-resource of a `GPUTexture`.
The `ImageBitmap` must not be detached, if it is, a validation error is generated.

## Alternatives Considered

  * Creating a `GPUTexture` directly from an `ImageBitmap`, attempting to avoid copies, is impractical because it requires the GPUTexture's format to match the internal representation of the `ImageBitmap`, which is not exposed to the Web platform.
    Additionally, `ImageBitmap`s may be GPU- or CPU-backed, and wrapping a CPU-backed `ImageBitmap` is a significant meta-operation that requires an additional copy to be submitted.
 * Having `copyImageBitmapToTexture` on `GPUCommandEncoder`: this makes implementations much more complicated because they can't know when the copy will be effectively submitted.
    It also allows having multiple `copyImageBitmapToTexture` at different sports in the `GPUCommandEncoder` which would require splicing the encoder and keeping track of all the chunks.

>     Realistically copying imagebitmaps will be during loading to copy from <img> elements, or at most a couple times per frame for example to copy a camera frame, so an immediate copy is fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Realistically, copying `ImageBitmap`s will be during loading to copy from `<img>` elements, or at most a couple times per frame for example to copy a camera frame, so an immediate copy is fine.
```
